README.md, before:

# Fibonacci Sequence

## Name
FiboCalc (Fibonacci Calculator)

## Description
FiboCalc is a Python-based tool designed to simplify and automate the generation of Fibonacci sequences for educational and computational purposes. This project provides a simple interface for calculating the nth term in the Fibonacci sequence, along with options for displaying sequences up to a specified term. The project is ideal for beginners who want to learn more about recursion, input handling, and basic algorithms.

    Features:
    - Calculate the nth term of the Fibonacci sequence.
    - Display the full Fibonacci sequence up to a specified term.
    - Error handling for invalid user inputs.
    - Recursive and iterative implementations.

    Background:
    Fibonacci sequences are a series of numbers where each number is the sum of the two preceding ones, starting from 0 and 1. They have applications in various fields, including mathematics, computer science, and even art.

## Visuals
![Example output of the Fibonacci sequence calculation](image.png)

## Installation
To install and run fiboCalc, follow these steps:

1) Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone (https://git.cs.dal.ca/nnadede/fibonacci-sequence.git)
    ```
2) Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd fibonacci-sequence
    ```
3) Run the Python script:
    ```bash
    python fiboCalc.py
    ```

## Requirements
- Python 3.7 
- No additional dependencies

## Usage
Use examples liberally, and show the expected output if you can. It's helpful to have inline the smallest example of usage that you can demonstrate, while providing links to more sophisticated examples if they are too long to reasonably include in the README.

## Support
If you encounter any issues, feel free to open an issue on the GitHub Issues page or contact me via email at nn454994@dal.ca.

## Roadmap
- Version 2.0: Add support for custom starting values.
- Version 3.0: Implement a graphical user interface (GUI).
- Version 4.0: Optimize the algorithm for large sequences.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## Authors and acknowledgment
- Nnaemeka Nnadede - _Initial work_ - [@nnadede](https://git.cs.dal.ca/nnadede)
- Special thanks to all contributors and reviewers!

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)

## Project status
Active Development - The project is actively maintained and open to new contributors. However, if you are interested in becoming a maintainer, please reach out!

Commit message:

Updated the link part of installation section of the README. Updated the Usage section with possible input and output

README.md, after:

# Fibonacci Sequence

## Name
FiboCalc (Fibonacci Calculator)

## Description
FiboCalc is a Python-based tool designed to simplify and automate the generation of Fibonacci sequences for educational and computational purposes. This project provides a simple interface for calculating the nth term in the Fibonacci sequence, along with options for displaying sequences up to a specified term. The project is ideal for beginners who want to learn more about recursion, input handling, and basic algorithms.

    Features:
    - Calculate the nth term of the Fibonacci sequence.
    - Display the full Fibonacci sequence up to a specified term.
    - Error handling for invalid user inputs.
    - Recursive and iterative implementations.

    Background:
    Fibonacci sequences are a series of numbers where each number is the sum of the two preceding ones, starting from 0 and 1. They have applications in various fields, including mathematics, computer science, and even art.

## Visuals
![Example output of the Fibonacci sequence calculation](image.png)

## Installation
To install and run fiboCalc, follow these steps:

1) Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://git.cs.dal.ca/nnadede/fibonacci-sequence.git
    ```
2) Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd fibonacci-sequence
    ```
3) Run the Python script:
    ```bash
    python fiboCalc.py
    ```

## Requirements
- Python 3.7 
- No additional dependencies

## Usage
### SAMPLE 1
```bash
Displaying Fibonacci numbers from the 1st term to the nth term. Taking the 1st term as 0.
Enter nth term: -1
Enter nth term greater than 0
```

### SAMPLE 2
```bash
Displaying Fibonacci numbers from the 1st term to the nth term. Taking the 1st term as 0.
Enter nth term: sdcsd
Invalid Value: invalid literal for int() with base 10: 'sdcsd'
```

### SAMPLE 3
```bash
Displaying Fibonacci numbers from the 1st term to the nth term. Taking the 1st term as 0.
Enter nth term: 13
0 1 1 2 3 5 8 13 21 34 55 89 144 
```

## Support
If you encounter any issues, feel free to open an issue on the GitHub Issues page or contact me via email at nn454994@dal.ca.

## Roadmap
- Version 2.0: Add support for custom starting values.
- Version 3.0: Implement a graphical user interface (GUI).
- Version 4.0: Optimize the algorithm for large sequences.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## Authors and acknowledgment
- Nnaemeka Nnadede - _Initial work_ - [@nnadede](https://git.cs.dal.ca/nnadede)
- Special thanks to all contributors and reviewers!

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)

## Project status
Active Development - The project is actively maintained and open to new contributors. However, if you are interested in becoming a maintainer, please reach out!
